POS 1:
Login functionality: Here user will log in to their existing account by entering username and password.
                     i) username must be the mail id provided while login
		     ii) password will be only digits(other than digits are not allowed)
		         Scenario 1: If the user try to enter only password then it will not accept asking to enter username
			 Scenario 2: If the password is digits then it will not accept and for continuosly entering wrong password then user will be blocked
                                     for 10 mins and if again enters wrong password then user will be locked for 24 hours.
		     If new user then he/she must have to register first to get access to products
		     i) mail id must be there and phone number will be there while sign up
                     ii) mandatory fields must be filled up
                         Scenario 1: While sign up first mail id will be provided and verify with otp, without mail id it is not possible to sign up.
                         Scenario 2: After mail id new user have to fill up the sign up form and enter phone number and other mandatory fields.
                     
                     Negative scenario: sometimes new user are not getting otp to their mail to proceed further
                     Affected module: sign up can not be done sometimes.
                     
                    Employee can sign in to admin portal available on the website to get details of products.
		    i) Employee must have to enter his/her employee id and password to log in to the admin portal.
		    ii) If password has forgotten by the employee then he has to send a request mail to IT team over the portal to get his 
		         password reset. Temporary password will be provided by the IT team then admin need to change his/her temporary password.

POS 2:
Inserting product details: Inserting product details is only available to admin.
			   After log in to admin portal admin can enter new product with product code and price and quantity, even the admin can
			   update the quantity of the existing products when stocks comes.
                           i) product code is mandatory to enter details of a produt and it is unique for every product.
                           
                           Negative scenario: Sometimes inserting products details is not working properly it shows data inserted but not being updated in
                                              DB.
                           Affected module: Due to the issue sometimes new products can not be added to cart by the customer and some proiduct shows 
                                            out of stock tag while it is available with us.

Retrieval of product: When customer add some product to his add it asks for quantity and then update query executed on the DB to update the quantity of the 
                      product.
                      i) When item added to card there must be insert query execute for cart DB table and the same qunatity must be update in the product 
                         table.
                      ii) After successful purchase of any item, order details must be updated in the same user.
                      Negative scenario: i)After purchasing items by customer update query is not working for product table.
                                      
                      Affected module: Due to the issue with update query after purchasing by customer, products are purchased by other customer 
				       which are not available with us.
                      performance impact: customer can not get delivered their products which are actiually not available but shows availability on 
                                          website.

POS 3:
Trasaction made by customer: After items added to cart customer has to made payment choice if he/she chooses for online payment then credit/debit card
                             details will be asked then the page navigates to respective bank payment gateway to get otp verification and after successful'
                             payment again page redirects to POS portal and order places successfully by generating order id and same gets notified to 
                             customer by mail and sms.
                             i) payment must be succeesfully completed to get the order confirmed.
                             ii) if payment terminates abnormally then order confirmed but repayment mail forwarded to customer to do transaction again.
			     iii) If customer doesn't make re-payment of any unsuccessful payment within 20 minutes of getting the mail then order will be
                                 get cancelled.
                             
                             Negative Scenario: Even after successful payment order doesn't confirm but money deducts from customer's bank account.
                             Affected module: Customer get successful transaction receipt but order can not be confirmed and again we have to inititate 
                                              refund to customer or confirm order manually by entering transactio id.

                            If in case customer cancel the order or return the product after deliver we have to initiate refund to the same payment 
                            method made by customer while purchasing.
                            i) Refund process must be successful and refund id and transaction id must be mailed to customer's registered mail id.
                            
                            If customer chooses upi payment it asks for different upi id linked with the account to send money request.
                            i) after getting money request from merchant customer have to accept the request in order to confirm the order.
                            ii) After sending request to respective upi id POS portal gives a 5 minutes of time to accept the request otherwise order will
                                be confirmed with out payment and again re-payment mail will be forwared to respective mail id of customer.
                            

                           Negative scenario: Payment rquest can not be forwarded to respective upi id.
                           Affected module: Screen stocks on payment page.
                           performance impact: Customer can not make payment and order can not be confirmd.